next we will explain the two most basic steps that appear in the
four couplets or sevillanas
first step
passed from Seville or hall
we put the right foot in front
the left comes from back to front
advance the left one step forward
right about the left
the same right foot goes back
held midfielder with the left approaching the right
5 air left
and 6 left back
we continue with the right that has been before
two
5 and 6
repeat this movement five times alternate feet
but no
two
5 and 6
let's see the next step
passed from Seville
we put ourselves in profile to the couple
I open right foot and his ego at the same time the left
1 left to the ground
two
advanced with the right
happened with the left
right fourth back
we continue with the left one that has remained in front
we opened last
one
two
3 4th back
repeat this movement four times
alternating the two feet
we open
pass
one
two
three quarter back
we open
pass
by one
3 4th back
we open
pass
one
three fourths after
we open
pass
3 4th back